README.md, before:

<img src="https://github.com/unnoon/cell-type/raw/master/rsc/img/cell-type.png">

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/unnoon/cell-type.svg?branch=dev)](http://inch-ci.org/github/unnoon/cell-type)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/unnoon/cell-type/badge.svg?branch=dev)](https://coveralls.io/github/unnoon/cell-type?branch=dev)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/unnoon/cell-type.svg?branch=dev)](http://inch-ci.org/github/unnoon/cell-type)
[![MIT license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Prototypal inheritance algorithm supporting traits & dependency injection.

## Very alpha (and broken, lots of changes coming!)

please wait for the first release!

## Features

- ~~Fast!~~ 
- ~~Fully tested~~
- ~~Fully documented~~
- Supports amd, node, globals, es6 modules
- ~~ES6 & ES5 binaries (as well as intermediate version)~~
- Made with bits of love!

## Installation

[bower](http://bower.io)

`bower install cell-type`

[npm](https://www.npmjs.com)

`npm install cell-type`

## Usage

```js
/* coming soon */
```

For more usage example see the unit tests @ /test/unit/Type-spec.js

## Prototypal(OLOO) vs 'Classical' inheritance

By default prototypal(OLOO) inheritance is supported. Practically this means that the default export will be the Type prototype. Also all static properties will be directly available on the prototype (as well as on the constructor function). If you prefer 'classical' inheritance a CType export is also provided.

## Documentation

Documentation can be generated by running the command below and is outputted @ /doc.

`npm run docs`

Make sure you'll run a npm install first.

Commit message:

- removed old Type files - removed settings object and added RGX as const - updated description - added $attrs (from ATTRS) as static property - added validate attribute. To cancel validation if needed - prefixed all statics with $ - added static attributes for all statics - Added validation per property - Updated documentation - updated README and package.json & bower.json

README.md, after:

<img src="https://github.com/unnoon/cell-type/raw/master/rsc/img/cell-type.png">

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/unnoon/cell-type.svg?branch=dev)](http://inch-ci.org/github/unnoon/cell-type)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/unnoon/cell-type/badge.svg?branch=dev)](https://coveralls.io/github/unnoon/cell-type?branch=dev)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/unnoon/cell-type.svg?branch=dev)](http://inch-ci.org/github/unnoon/cell-type)
[![MIT license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Prototypal(OLOO) inheritance algorithm.

## Features

- Fully tested
- Fully documented
- OLOO ready
- Static & getter/setter inheritance
- Dynamic prototype & property swapping
- Supports symbols
- Validations for overrides, static this usage, illegal private usage
- Supports attributes! i.e. frozen, static, const etc.
- Supports amd, node, globals, es6 modules
- ES6 & ES5 binaries (as well as intermediate version)
- Made with bits of love!

## Installation

[bower](http://bower.io)

`bower install cell-type`

[npm](https://www.npmjs.com)

`npm install cell-type`

## Usage

```js
/* coming soon */
```

For more usage example see the unit tests @ /test/unit/Type-spec.js

## Prototypal(OLOO) inheritance

By default prototypal(OLOO) inheritance is supported. Practically this means that types('classes') created by Type will just be simple objects that can be used as a prototype. In general I like to avoid any class related jargon. Therefore this._upper (instead of this._super) can be used to access a property higher up in the prototype chain. Statics will be directly available on the prototype. Static properties will be wrapped in a getter/setter so the value can be changed from this. 

## Documentation

Documentation can be generated by running the command below and is outputted @ /doc.

## Future work

- Traits (coming up in the near future)
- State properties
- Dependency injection (in some form or another)

`npm run docs`

Make sure you'll run a npm install first.
